docs: add Ionic + Capacitor integration (#1063)
analogjs/analog: apps/docs-app/docs/integrations/ionic/index.md

---
sidebar_position: 4
---

import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs';
import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';

# Ionic Integration with Analog

> This tutorial will guide you through the process of integrating Ionic Framework within your Analog application so you can leverage the power of Ionic's iOS and Android components in your applications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This tutorial guides you through the process of integrating Ionic Framework within your Analog application so you can leverage the power of Ionic's iOS and Android components in your applications.
```

Capacitor allows you to create web native applications that can be run on iOS and Android devices with ease.

### Step 3.1 Install and configure your Capacitor app

1. First, you need to install the `@capacitor/core` and `@capacitor/cli` packages. Depending on your preferred package manager, run one of the following commands:

<Tabs groupId="package-manager">
  <TabItem value="npm">

```shell
npm install @capacitor/core
npm install -D @capacitor/cli
```

  </TabItem>

  <TabItem label="yarn" value="yarn">

```shell
yarn add @capacitor/core
yarn add -D @capacitor/cli
```

  </TabItem>

  <TabItem value="pnpm">

```shell
pnpm install @capacitor/core
pnpm install -D @capacitor/cli
```

  </TabItem>
</Tabs>

2. Then you have to initialize the Capacitor project with the following command. The CLI will ask you a few questions, starting with your app name, and the package ID you would like to use for your app.

```shell
npx cap init
```

3. Update `capacitor.config.ts` `webDir` property to point to the dist folder of analog build

```ts
import type { CapacitorConfig } from '@capacitor/cli';

const config: CapacitorConfig = {
  appId: 'com.ionic.capacitor',
  appName: 'ionic-capacitor',

>   webDir: 'dist/client',

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  webDir: 'dist/analog/public',
```
